docs: requeue (#153)
snakemake/snakemake-executor-plugin-slurm: docs/further.md

        cpus_per_task: 40
```

### Additional Command Line Flags

> This plugin defines additional command line flags. As always the can be used on the command line or in a profile.

Reviewer: Mini rephrasing of the second sentence. And I prefer having one sentence per line in Markdown files, for clearer git diffs down the line...
```suggestion
This plugin defines additional command line flags.
As always, these can be set on the command line or in a profile.
```

| Flag        | Meaning  |
|-------------|----------|

> | `--slurm_init_seconds_before_status_checks`| will modify the default time (40 seconds) before the initial status check - usefull for development purposes|

Reviewer: Just expanding a bit on the reasoning behind the default and where shorter wait times might be desirable.
```suggestion
| `--slurm_init_seconds_before_status_checks`| modify time before initial job status check; the default of 40 seconds avoids load on querying slurm databases, but shorter wait times are for example useful during workflow development |
```

Author: thank you

==This is ongoing development. Eventually you will be able to annotate different file access patterns.==

> ## <a name="retries"></a> Retries - Or Trying again when a Job failed

Reviewer: Are you sure, this manual html link is necessary? Usually, you should be able to link within a markdown document, directly referring to headings (with whitespace replaced by dashes `-`):
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2822089/how-to-link-to-part-of-the-same-document-in-markdown

Author: let's see. The html is removed in ed0c0d0b02ba902504b5b0fb97bd6fb4c2e6c32f

If a workflow fails entirely (e.g. when there are cluster failures), it can be resumed as any other Snakemake workflow:

```console
snakemake ... --rerun-incomplete
# or the short-hand version
snakemake ... --ri
```

The "requeue" option allows jobs to be resubmitted automatically if they fail or are preempted. This might be the default on your cluster, already. You can check your cluster's requeue settings with 

```console
scontrol show config | grep Requeue
```

This requeue feature is integrated into the SLURM submission command, adding the --requeue parameter to allow requeuing after node failure or preemption using:

```console

> snakemake --slurm-requeue ...

Reviewer: How is this different from snakemake's own `--retries` option? Or does this simply implement the `--retries` value for pre-empted jobs or does it simply move the retries to the level of the slurm scheduler? Maybe you can clarify this further?

Author: Right. This requires some SLURM background. I tried to explain in a single sentence in commit cb153d2e21f65def715c26f728e9cd98f9be4188 .
